is a touring force of women that selling out arenas all over the country and for Beyonce Alicia Keys and Missy Elliott there's a reason this tour is called ladies first we make it a statement about his females being able to get along and just showing the power of females going out on a rope no we all wanted to do it together because we're so different from each other and that's great who said it can't be different and still Rock say I want to show y'all how gritty and the real thing that goes on if you think the show is something to see come on backstage because a day on the road is a show in itself what's today's date the 23rd here in Philadelphia 13 semi trucks full of equipment arrive at the venue in the early morning the stage is up by 3 p.m. that's when the artists start arriving then there's wardrobe I was really fortunate to get Dolce & Gabbana to design all the pose for the tour next to tear and makeup then a meet-and-greet where the artists meet their fans there are last-minute rehearsals a few last words unless everybody's voice tonight bus everyone's fingers pressed everyone's energy remind parties racing then it's Showtime when I'm completely finished with the show I'm exhausted I'm ready to pass out I'm like okay this is wonderful but give me a bag how did y'all like Alicia's show hey I told y'all when I finish the show I'm dreaming about my big braid my hair while I'm playing the piano and everything so it comes to like a half an hour before the show and it's obviously not gonna be finished something like Nikki we got into something Oh what are we gonna do very meanwhile Beyonce struggles with the worst kind of temptation chocolate I don't to brown and if Alicia's hair drama wasn't enough I went like this and the whole back of my pants you never do that Oprah it's been fun having you on tour the ladies first tour and I can't wait to see you in Chicago so I can show you you can come you can come chill and you can even use a shower see cuz you lost a lot of weight so much fun when you get on stage you know everybody thinks oh that's so fun it looks like so much fun I'm sure it has its fun moments but grueling isn't it oh definitely it is a very rigorous you're going to a different city every night Beyonce saying what city is this what day is it and leave them to get my wood ok Wednesday where are we ok I appreciate the invitation from all of you I understand there are some other people no no some other people you'd like to invite to I would yeah I would like to invite every single person sitting in the back [Applause] thank you so much [Applause] max of recent fares for most embarrassing moment ever I hear it's hysterical most embarrassing moment by Alicia Keys yeah alright so I'm doing this very intimate private show we're in DC yeah one of my favorite cities we did like about we think it's about 200 people I mean it's very small and it's not okay I'm on the piano and you know I'm kind of doing a medley of you know it's just me on the piano songs you know introducing new songs off of the new album everything everything is going great so when during those kind of intimate shows I like to involve my audience uh-huh mm-hmm so so anyway I'm playing one song and this kind of group in the back they're talking some like hey guys scuse me they're not paying attention to you okay so that's fine cuz I like that it made everybody laugh I kept going plan doesn't do that they're still talking cuz I'm like hey hey hi how you doing they laugh like that it was all good alright I got him now they're gonna be quiet they're still talking somewhere okay they need some Syria needs to do something serious now I get up with every intention to go over there and tell them something and make a real embarrassed right yeah but what I forgot to do was look down because there's these big monitors uh-huh so I can hear myself uh-huh uh-huh I stand up walked over and tripped on the monitor so bad it's at a point where I mean this wasn't a oops this was like a spill a cartoon this was like like I had the mic in my hand so the way it sounded once I hit floor the whole audience and in my head as I'm falling I'm like I can't believe this is happening I can't believe this is happening to me right now I get up as fast as I can and I said [Applause] I mean if there was ever more embarrassing moment of my life it has not come and I hope this is the only one that's good that's a good one I didn't say it somebody else tell you get ready Alicia Keys is going to perform one of our hitch [Applause] [Music] [Applause] okay it's come sted that our music makes you feel your soul singing the latest single off of her new CD the diary of Alicia Keys here she is with if I ain't got you [Applause] [Music] some people live for the fortune some people live just for the fame some people live for the power yeah zombie they have just a blatant gang people say the visit things deep behind was within [Music] their legs are so full of the superficial [Music] [Applause] [Music] some people for thornton promises Forever Young you know some people need [Music] the world on a silver platter [Music] No [Music] [Music] [Applause] my god shall with me [Music] [Applause] tomato finish [Music] [Applause]